Now let's add the just version of the tests, but before that, here we are seeing a failure in the
gist console.
And that's because now in the tests we are dependent on the forms module but in app.
Component, just as we didn't import the forms module yet.
And that's the that's why we are seeing this error.
So let's import the firm's module.
And saving it.
We need to import this one because we are rendering the login page and the login page is dependent on
the forums module.
So that's why we need to import it.
Now we see all tests are passing.
Now I'm going to add the just version of tests to the login component.
So here, creating a new file login component just as.
Since there is no test in it, it's going to fail.
And here we see it as it failed to run.
Again, we are going to use this kind of component as a reference kind of component, just as and I'm
just going to copy the test.
And the.
To lay out.
And interactions.
I'm not going to copy the validation tests, so just copy goal, but clear them after.
So this is the test first that's removed the validation.
Describe here.
So this is gone.
And let's also update the imports.
We are going to test and just selecting all the occurrences of the sign up component and replacing it
with login component and component.
That is this one.
Now we are not going to use the reactive form module and we don't need this one as well.
This was for the validation.
So we have the server here and the request will go to the endpoint.
We don't need this email endpoint as well as for any check for the email.
And we have success or failure responses for the authentication and.
Let's say when.
The email is going to be, let's say failing user at.
Emile.
We are going to return for a one and the response will be like this message and the text will be incorrect.
Credentials.
So this is the server and here we are rendering the logging component.
And in logging component we are having template form.
So importing forms module.
So this is the test for the lobbying component.
The first one is layout and let's rename this as well.
So command shift L, this is going to be a log in.
So it has log in header.
We don't need username input.
We are checking email input password input type for password input.
Removing the password repeat test.
Looking for login button and the button will be disabled.
And in the interactions test we are going to just fill the email and password and let's remove this
one as well.
And the first one it enables the button.
The second one it sends email and password to back end.
So let's remove the user from this one.
And the next one is the disabled button when there is an ongoing API call and we were checking the count
on the server side in the just test and we are doing the same thing here.
And the next one is for spinner visibility.
And we don't have the success case.
So just removing this base account activation notification after successful case.
And again, this is a successful case and this is the the error case, and we are displaying the error.
So let's make sure.
Like we are filling the form with a failing user.
This one.
So we are calling the set up form with this email.
So the form will be filled with this email.
And when we click the button, the server will be sending 401 with this message incorrect credentials.
So here we are going to check for this message visibility.
And also we will do the same thing for the spinner.
Visibility hides spinner after logging request fail.
So again, we are going to fill the form with this user and we will check for and we will wait for this
message to appear.
Then we check if the status is there.
Let's say this.
So the tests are pressing.
It's not always easy to like add multiple tests at once.
It is easy to make mistakes.
So keep in mind you can always focus to the test and run them one by one.
So like at the moment the tests are running for all modules, but it is running on a single test in
in the the logging component.
But if you would like to filter the test to run on the logging component, you can just hit P in the
test console and type the component.
Test, test, component.
Name.
I made a typo.
It's going to be looking.
Component.
So running logging component test.
And at the moment we are focusing only to this test.
And here in the output we are seeing only this one is running.
The other 11 have been skipped.
So if you have if you see any problem, you can just focus to the test like this and to run all the
tests, you can just hit a so it runs all the tests.